docs(howto): add custom domain to container MTA-1776 (#425)
scaleway/docs-content: compute/containers/how-to/add-a-custom-domain-to-a-container.mdx

---
meta:
  title: How to add a custom domain to a container
  description: This page explains how to add a custom domain to a container
content:

>   h1: How toadd a custom domain to a container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  h1: How to add a custom domain to a container
```

  paragraph: This page explains how to add a custom domain to a container
dates:
  validation: 2022-02-21
  posted: 2022-02-21
---

> Each container comes with an autogenerated domain on which it is available. However it is possible to use your own domain name to address your containers to facilitate the use of them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each container comes with an autogenerated domain on which it is available. However it is possible to use your own domain name to address your containers to facilitate their use.
```

<Message type="requirement">

- You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)

> - A running Serverless container

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A running [Serverless Container](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/compute/containers/how-to/deploy-a-container/)
```

- A domain name 

</Message>

> 1. Add a CNAME pointing to your Function/Container default url from the [domains dashboard](/network/dns-cloud/how-to/manage-dns-records/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Add a CNAME pointing to your Function/Container default URL from the [domains dashboard](/network/dns-cloud/how-to/manage-dns-records/).
```

> 2. On your function page go to the Endpoints tab.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. On your function page go to the **Endpoints** tab.
```

  <Lightbox src="scaleway-containers-domain.png" alt="" />
3. Click on **+ Add a New Endpoint**.

> 4. Write down your custom URL and validate the form.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Enter your custom URL and validate the form.
```

> 5. Once the CNAME and TLS fields are checked you can connect to your container using your custom domain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Connect to your container using your custom domain once you have checked the CNAME and TLS fields.
```
